Send notification to national identity number user docs (#1546)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/notifications/send-notifications/developer-guides/send-email-notifications/_index.en.md

	"subject": "A test email from Altinn Notifications",
	"body": "A message to be sent immediately from an org.",
	"contentType": "Plain",
    "recipients":[
        {"emailAddress":"testuser@altinn.no"},
        {"nationalIdentityNumber":"11876995923"}]
}'
```

### Response

#### 202 Accepted

> In the case lookup of recipients contact details or reservation status is required for an order, 
> the initial result of the lookup will be included in the response. This includes
> a list containing national identity number for all reserved persons and a list containing national identity number
> or organisation number for the recipients we could not find contact details for. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where reservation check or address lookup of recipients is required for an order, 
the initial result of the lookup will be included in the response. This includes
a list containing national identity number for all reserved persons and a list containing national identity number
or organisation number for the recipients we could not find contact details for. 
```
